+------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| PLEASE NOTE :                                                                |
+------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| This LICENCE file is provided for convenience only, the authoritative        |
| version of this LICENCE file can be found at http://www.squiz.net/licence    |
+------------------------------------------------------------------------------+


Squiz Supported Version Licence Agreement
-----------------------------------------

Please READ this Squiz Supported Version licence agreement (SSV) carefully
before DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING or USING the Software.

The terms of this Licence constitute an agreement between you, either an
individual or a company or similar entity, as the purchaser or user of the
Software (hereafter “You”) and Squiz Pty Ltd ABN 77 084 670 600 (hereafter
“Squiz”). This Licence applies to the Software, Documentation and any updates
which have been provided for the Software.

By DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING or USING the Software, You are agreeing to be bound
by the terms of this Licence. If you do not agree to all the of the terms of
this Licence then DO NOT DOWNLOAD, INSTALL or USE the Software.


1.  Definitions & Interpretations
    -----------------------------

    1.1  Definitions

         (a) Commencement Date means the date on which the Software was
             purchased or was installed into the Your system, whichever occurs
             first.

         (b) Confidential Information means information of a Party that:
             (i)    is by its nature confidential; or
             (ii)   is designated by that Party as confidential; or
             (iii)  the other Party knows or ought to have known is
                    confidential,

             including, without limitation, information relating to:
             (iv)   the source code, design, specification and content of the
                    Software; and
             (v)    the personnel, policies or business strategies of Squiz; and
             (vi)   the terms upon which the Software is being licensed under
                    this Agreement.

             but does not include
             (vii)  information already known to the receiving party at the time
                    of disclosure by the other party; or
             (viii) information in the public domain other than as a result of
                    disclosure by a party in breach of its obligations of
                    confidentiality under this agreement;

         (c) Documentation means any technical and user information relating to
             the Software provided by Squiz.

         (d) Instance means a single installation of the Software on a system
             capable of running it. Every Instance of the Software is
             characterised by a file named “main.inc”, which is created at the
             time of the installation.

         (e) Intellectual Property Rights means copyright, trade mark, design,
             patent, semiconductor or circuit layout rights, trade, business or
             company names, or other proprietary rights, or any rights to
             registration of such rights existing in Australia, whether created
             before, on or after the commencement date of this Agreement;

         (f) Internal Testing means the use of the Software by You internally
             only and only for the purposes of testing and evaluating the
             Software. Use of the Software on systems deployed to a production
             environment is expressly excluded from this definition.

         (g) Licence means the licence of software granted pursuant to this
             Agreement.

         (h) Purchase Fee means the fees payable by You to Squiz for the
             Software.

         (i) Related Bodies Corporate has the same meaning as in the
             Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).

         (j) Service Level Agreement means an agreement entered into between You
             and Squiz where Squiz will provide warranty and support services
             for the Software.

         (k) Software means MySource Matrix CMS and MySource Matrix Modules.

         (l) Squiz Authorised Representative means a party with written
             authorisation by Squiz to market and sell the Software.

         (m) Third Party means any party other than You or Squiz and includes
             Related Bodies Corporate.

         (n) You means the individual, company or other entity, but does not
             include Related Bodies Corporate, who has purchased the Software
             from Squiz and has installed the Software into their system in
             accordance with the terms of the Licence granted in this Agreement.

         (o) Warranty Key means the digital code provided to You by Squiz, which
             contains information about the warranty given by Squiz for the
             Software.

         (p) Warranty Period means the period for which you have purchased
             warranty services from Squiz and is encoded in the Warranty Key.

    1.2  Presumptions and interpretation

         Unless the context otherwise requires a word which denotes:
         (a) the singular denotes the plural and vice versa; and
         (b) any gender denotes the other genders; and
         (c) a person includes an individual, a body corporate, and a
             government.

         Unless the context otherwise requires a reference to
         (d) any legislation includes any regulation or instrument made under it
             and where amended, re-enacted or replaced means that amended,
             re-enacted or replacement legislation; and
         (e) any other agreement or instrument where amended or replaced means
             that agreement or instrument as amended or replaced; and
         (f) a group of persons includes any one or more of them; and
         (g) a thing or amount is a reference to the whole and each part of it.


2.  Licence Grant
    -------------

    2.1  Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Squiz grants You a limited,
         non-exclusive and non-transferable licence to
         (a) Use one (1) Instance of the Software for any purpose; and
         (b) Use the Software for the sole purpose of Internal Testing; and
         (c) modify the Software; and
         (d) Use the Documentation.

         For the avoidance of doubt, “Use” means application and operation by
         You only.


3.  Duration
    --------

    3.1  This Agreement and the Licence granted herein commences on the
         Commencement Date.

    3.2  Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Licence shall continue into
         perpetuity.


4.  Conditions of Licence
    ---------------------

    4.1  You must not, and must not allow or cause any other person to:
         (a) lease, license, disclose, distribute, provide or otherwise make
             available all or any part of the Software or Documentation to any
             Third Party, except as otherwise expressly permitted in this
             Agreement; or
         (b) use the Software or Documentation to develop, enhance, modify,
             market or demonstrate products that are competitive with Squiz’s
             products and the Software; or
         (c) alter, change, obscure or remove any logo, copyright or other
             proprietary notices, symbols or labels in the Software or
             Documentation.

    4.2  You must not have received the Software from a party other than Squiz
         or a Squiz Authorised Representative.

    4.3  You must immediately notify Squiz if You become aware of any breach of
         this agreement and must give Squiz all necessary assistance in
         connection with any proceedings Squiz may institute relating to such
         breach.

    4.4  This clause will survive the termination of this Agreement.


5.  Charges
    -------

    5.1  You agree to pay the Purchase Fee within twenty-one (21) days of
         receiving an invoice from Squiz.

    5.2  Squiz may, at its sole discretion, defer your obligation to pay the
         Purchase Fee if You  enter into a Service Level Agreement with Squiz.
         For the avoidance of doubt, upon termination or expiration of your
         Service Level Agreement with Squiz, you will be obligated to pay the
         Purchase Fee in accordance with clause 5.1.

    5.3  All taxes, duties and government charges imposed or levied in Australia
         or overseas in connection with this Agreement will be borne by You.

    5.4  Any amounts paid by You under this Agreement include Goods and Services
         Tax (GST) for supplies which are taxable supplies within the meaning of
         A New Tax System (Goods and Services Tax) Act 1999 (“the GST Act”).

    5.5  In relation to taxable supplies made under this Agreement, Squiz agrees
         to provide you with either:
         (a) A tax invoice in accordance with the GST Act; or
         (b) A document satisfying the minimum information requirements of the
             Australian Taxation Office to entitle a recipient of a taxable
             supply to claim an input tax credit without holding a tax invoice.


6.  Ownership
    ---------

    6.1  You acknowledge that Squiz retains ownership of the Software and
         Documentation, and all proprietary rights in the Software and
         Documentation, whether in its original form or as modified by You
         during the term of the Licence.

    6.2  You agree all Intellectual Proprietary Rights in the Software and
         Documentation are and shall remain the exclusive property of Squiz and
         any of its third party suppliers.

    6.3  Unless expressly permitted in this Agreement, You must not to use any
         of Squiz’s or its third party suppliers’ intellectual property without
         Squiz or its third party suppliers’ prior written consent.

    6.4  Nothing in this Agreement should be construed as transferring any
         aspects of such rights mentioned in this clause to You or any Third
         Party. Squiz reserves any and all rights not expressly granted herein.


7.  Modifications
    -------------

    7.1  Subject to this clause 7, You may alter, modify or add to the Software
         (‘Modifications’).

    7.2  You must not lease, license, disclose, distribute, provide or otherwise
         make available all or any part of the Modifications to any Third Party,
         except as otherwise expressly permitted in this Agreement.

    7.3  You agree to fully indemnify and hold harmless Squiz against any
         liability incurred if the Modifications made by You infringe the
         intellectual property rights of a Third Party.

    7.4  This Agreement shall continue to apply to the Software as modified by
         You.


8.  Confidentiality
    ---------------

    8.1  You agree not to disclose Squiz’s Confidential Information.

    8.2  You will not be in breach of clause 8.1 in circumstances where You are
         legally compelled to disclose Squiz’s Confidential Information.

    8.3  You will take all reasonable steps to ensure that its employees and
         agents, and any subcontractors engaged for the purposes of this
         Agreement, do not make public or disclose the other party’s
         Confidential Information.

    8.4  This clause will survive the termination of this Agreement.


9.  Support
    -------

    9.1  This Agreement does not create an obligation for Squiz to provide You
         with updated versions of the Software or support and upgrade services
         relating to the Software.

    9.2  You may request support and upgrade services from Squiz, which will be
         charged by Squiz to You. Such requests shall be dealt with in an
         agreement separate to this Agreement.


10. Termination
    -----------

    10.1 This Agreement and the Licence granted herein shall terminate upon the
         happening of any of the following events:
         (a) You fail to comply with any of the terms and conditions of this
             Agreement;
         (b) You have received the Software from a party other than Squiz or a
             Squiz Authorised Representative;
         (c) Squiz provides You with another licence, and You agree to be bound
             by its terms; or
         (d) You, if You are a company, become liquidated, dissolved, bankrupt
             or insolvent, whether voluntarily or involuntarily; or
         (e) You and Squiz agree, in writing, to terminate this Agreement.

    10.2 On termination, You must immediately cease use of the Software and
         return to Squiz all copies of the Software, all revisions, enhancements
         and upgrades of the Software and the Documentation. Alternatively, if
         Squiz requests, You must destroy such Software, copies, revisions,
         enhancements and upgrades and must certify in writing to Squiz that
         they have been destroyed.


11. Warranty
    --------

    11.1 Squiz warrants that as at the date of this Agreement it has the rights,
         power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to grant the
         Licence.

    11.2 Subject to the following clause 11.3, Squiz warrants that for the
         Warranty Period, the Software will operate substantially in accordance
         with the Documentation. If during this Warranty Period the Software
         fails to operate substantially in accordance with the Documentation,
         Squiz will supply another copy of the Software at its cost.

    11.3 The warranty provided in the preceding clause 11.2 is subject to a
         separate agreement entered into between You and Squiz.

    11.4 Except as expressly warranted above, Squiz does not warrant or make any
         representations:
         (a) that the Software is suitable for Your use, or is fit for any
             other purpose; or
         (b) that operation of the Software will be-uninterrupted or that the
             Software is error-free; or
         (c) regarding the results of any use of the whole or any part of the
             Software; or
         (d) as to the accuracy, reliability or content of any data,
             information, service or goods obtained through any use of the whole
             or any part of the Software.


12. Indemnity
    ---------

    12.1 You hereby agree to indemnify, defend and hold Squiz, its directors,
         officers, employees and affiliates harmless from and against any and
         all liability and costs, including reasonable legal fees incurred, in
         connection with or arising out of Your:
         (a) violation or breach of any term of this Agreement or any applicable
             law, regulation, policy or guideline, whether or not referenced in
             this Agreement; or
         (b) violation of any rights of any Third Party; or
         (c) use or misuse of the Software.

    12.2 This clause will survive the termination of this Agreement.


13. Exclusions and Limitation of Liability
    --------------------------------------

    13.1 Squiz makes no express or implied warranties under this Agreement,
         except under clause 11 (Warranty).

    13.2 To the extent permitted by law, Squiz excludes:
         (a) from this Agreement all conditions, warranties and terms implied by
             statute, general law, international convention or custom;
         (b) all liability to You in contract for consequential or indirect
             damages arising out of or in connection with this Agreement even
             if:
                 i.  Squiz knew they were possible; or
                 ii. they were otherwise foreseeable
             including without limitation, damages for loss of business profits
             or other pecuniary loss and damages suffered as a result of claims
             by any Third Party.
         (c) all liability to You in contract for direct or consequential or
             indirect damages arising out of or in connection with the use or
             inability to use the Software or Documentation including without
             limitation, damages for loss of business profits or other pecuniary
             loss and damages suffered as a result of claims by any Third Party;
             and
         (d) all liability to You in negligence or other non-contractual cause
             of action in respect of which liability can be excluded for acts or
             omissions of Squiz, its employees, agents and contractors arising
             out of or in connection with this Agreement.

    13.3 Squiz’s liability to You for breach of
         (a) any express provision of this Agreement is limited to the amount
             paid by You in Licence fees.
         (b) any implied condition or warranty where the exclusion of which
             would contravene any statute or cause this clause 13 to be void, is
             limited, at the option of Squiz, to one or more of the following:
                 i.  the replacement of the Software or Documentation;
                 ii. repair of such Software or Documentation.


14. General Terms
    -------------

    14.1 Governing law
         This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with
         the laws of New South Wales, Australia. The parties agree to submit to
         the jurisdiction of the courts and tribunals of the State of New South
         Wales, Australia.

    14.2 Entire agreement
         This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and
         supersedes all prior representations, agreements, statements and
         understandings, whether verbal or in writing.

    14.3 No reliance on other matters
         Each of the parties acknowledges that in agreeing to enter into this
         Agreement it has not relied on any representation, warranty or other
         assurance except those set out in this Agreement.

    14.4 New Versions of the Agreement
         Notwithstanding clause 14.5 below, Squiz reserves the right to modify
         this Agreement at any time by providing such revised Agreement to You.
         Your continued use of the Software shall constitute Your acceptance to
         be bound by the terms and conditions of the revised Agreement.

    14.5 Amendment of Agreement
         No amendment to or modification of this Agreement shall be binding
         unless in writing and signed by both parties.

    14.6 Assignment
         You must not assign, whether in whole or part, the benefit of this
         agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder, without the prior
         written consent of Squiz.

    14.7 Severability
         If any provision of this Agreement shall be held by a court of
         competent jurisdiction to be contrary to law; that provision will be
         enforced to the maximum extent permissible and the remaining provisions
         of this Agreement will remain in full force and effect.

    14.8 Waiver
         A waiver by either party in respect of a breach of a provision of this
         Agreement by the other party shall not be deemed to be a waiver in
         respect of any other breach and the failure of either party to enforce
         at any time a provision of this Agreement shall in no way be
         interpreted as a waiver of such provision.

